Reflection 01
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
when i dont have my own laptop or when i am working on public machine or friends laptop, its better to work directly on remote
repository rather than wait to work on local machine, changes can be easily synced later

Reflection 02
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
the manual pull gives us a choice what changes we needed to pull and what can be left specially when there is huge code in the repository and 
sometimes there can be space crunch which may prove fatal.

Reflection 03
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Fork - it is used when you want a copy of someone else's repository on your github account. you can clone it to your local machine 
and add your code to it.
Clone - when you want to make a copy of repository from remote to your local machine to make changes or create a copy of code on your local 
machine.
Branches - when you want to experiment with new features and new designs which may break the code, so you separate it from master file.
All the three have different uses and can be used as per requirement

Reflection 04
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It helps keep a track of changes done to the code if there are lot of contributors, some changes are done locally and some are done remotely,
so storing a copy of last known state of the remote becomes a reference point of code that is already synced and the new features that are
needed to get synced at both local and remote level.

Reflection 05
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I can collaborate with others if we are staying close to them and can meet every now and then to discuss ideas and implement them.
Pros -
can meet and discuss everytime and anytime
dont have to wait for replies to changes done on the code, can discuss it and finish there and then
dont have to make separate copies of code, will keep only the ones that worked
Cons -
if one of us moves somewhere else for work etc, it becomes harder to discuss and implement code
keeping a track becomes difficult if there are lot of contributors to the code
difficult to maintain different versions of the code, track changes and log outputs
